WHAT IS IT?

TEMPO (Topographic Eeg Mapping Program) is software for 3D visualization
of brain electrical activity.  TEMPO is able to read EEG recordings in
standard EDF format and to create animated sequence of 3D topographic
maps with EEG activity color-coded over scalp region.  The primary
strength of TEMPO approach to topographic mapping is ability to examine
the same map from different viewpoints - user is able to navigate around
head object using mouse.  Individual topographic maps could be saved in
PNG format for future examination.  The animation, as well as mapping
parameters, are controllable through corresponding graphical user
interface.


REQUIREMENTS

TEMPO is an application based on Qt toolkit
(http://www.trolltech.com/products/qt/); thus in order to be able to run
TEMPO, Qt runtime libraries must be installed on target machine.


BASIC USAGE

The data subdirectory of TEMPO distribution contains 60s long sample EDF
recording (file sample.edf) of healthy female subject exposed to visual
alerting sequence; this sample could be opened in TEMPO (trough Open
button) in order to try software.  The Play button will start animation,
mouse dragging while right button pressed could be used to rotate head
model.  For further instructions on using TEMPO, see on-line help
(accessible through Manual button).


BUGS

EDF format is very flexible, that makes it hard for TEMPO to support all
possible variations of naming electrodes and utilizing other available
fields from EDF header.  So, if problems appear with some EDF data
files, please contact TEMPO maintainer.  Please also report other kind
of bugs to TEMPO maintainer.  See AUTHORS file in TEMPO distribution for
contact information.


LICENSES NOTICE

TEMPO software is licensed under GPL license.  See COPYING file in TEMPO
distribution for license text.  Please take time to read and understand
the license, and especially (because of potential EEG analysis uses) no
warranty clause.

Head model is licensed from web3dservice (http://www.web3dservice.com/).
Under no circumstances may this model be utilized for any purpose other
than to run TEMPO software.

TEMPO icons are taken from CrystalSVG icon set
(http://www.everaldo.com/crystal.html), designed by Everaldo Coelho and
available under GNU LGPL license.
